update doc for split region (#5033)
pingcap/docs: best-practices/pd-scheduling-best-practices.md

Region merge refers to the process of merging adjacent small regions. It serves to avoid unnecessary resource consumption by a large number of small or even empty regions after data deletion. Region merge is performed by `mergeChecker`, which processes in a similar way to `replicaChecker`: PD continuously scans all regions in the background, and generates an operator when contiguous small regions are found.

> Specifically, when the existence of a newly split Region exceeds the value of the [`split-merge-interval`](/pd-configuration-file.md#split-merge-interval), If any of the following conditions occur, this Region triggers the Region merge scheduling:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifically, when a newly split Region exists for more than the value of [`split-merge-interval`](/pd-configuration-file.md#split-merge-interval) (`1h` by default), if any of the following conditions occurs, this Region triggers the Region merge scheduling:
```

> - The size of this Region is smaller than the value of the [`max-merge-region-size`](/pd-configuration-file.md#max-merge-region-size) (default 20MiB)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The size of this Region is smaller than the value of the [`max-merge-region-size`](/pd-configuration-file.md#max-merge-region-size) (20 MiB by default)
```

> - The number of keys in this Region is less than the value of the [`max-merge-region-keys`](/pd-configuration-file.md#max-merge-region-keys) (default 200000).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The number of keys in this Region is smaller than the value of [`max-merge-region-keys`](/pd-configuration-file.md#max-merge-region-keys) (200,000 by default).
```
